readme.MD, before:

# single cta backtesting framework for Low tide captial
**author: benchen liu**

**date: 2024-10-24(celebrating the programmer's day Lol)**

**email: benchenl@uchicago.edu**

## introduction
- Single cta backtesting framework for Low tide captial, mainly using simple moving average to generate signals.

- Optimizing the parameters of the moving average to maximize the return of the strategy.

- Aiming to create a new trading strategy that can be added to classic 60/40 paramter

- Add some metrics to evaluate the performance of the strategy

## TODOS
- optimize the parameters of the moving average

## develop Calender
- 2024-10-24: start the project
- 2024-10-26: finish the basic structure of the project; can generate trend following strategy's PnL; can see the graph using excel
- 2024-10-28: thanks to Marshal, we get the raw data from bloomberg including bonds, SPY and XAU. We will build a classic 
40/60 portfolio based on bonds and SPY. And add some metrics. Using quantstats to draw graphs.
- 2024-10-30：finish basic 60/40 portfolio and its PnL; build metrics to evaluate; use 6040 Portfolio as benchmark; Plot graphs for visiualization

## requirements
see attached requirements.txt

## usage
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt

python 1_dataPreparation.py

python 2_calcFactorAndGenSignal.py

python 3_PnLEvaluation.py
```

## file structure
- data: store the data used in the project
- src: store the source code of the project

Commit message:

3d heat map for best param

readme.MD, after:

# single cta backtesting framework for Low tide captial
**author: benchen liu**

**date: 2024-10-24(celebrating the programmer's day Lol)**

**email: benchenl@uchicago.edu**

## introduction
- Single cta backtesting framework for Low tide captial, mainly using simple moving average to generate signals.

- Optimizing the parameters of the moving average to maximize the return of the strategy.

- Aiming to create a new trading strategy that can be added to classic 60/40 paramter

- Add some metrics to evaluate the performance of the strategy

## TODOS
- optimize the parameters of the moving average

## develop Calender
- 2024-10-24: start the project
- 2024-10-26: finish the basic structure of the project; can generate trend following strategy's PnL; can see the graph using excel
- 2024-10-28: thanks to Marshal, we get the raw data from bloomberg including bonds, SPY and XAU. We will build a classic 
40/60 portfolio based on bonds and SPY. And add some metrics. Using quantstats to draw graphs.
- 2024-10-30：finish basic 60/40 portfolio and its PnL; build metrics to evaluate; use 6040 Portfolio as benchmark; Plot graphs for visiualization
- 2024-11-03: change Simple Moving Average to Exponential Moving Average; add more metrics to evaluate the strategy; add more graphs for visualization; grid search and 3D heatmap to find the best parameters


## requirements
see attached requirements.txt

## usage
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt

python 1_dataPreparation.py

python 2_calcFactorAndGenSignal.py

python 3_PnLEvaluation.py
```

## file structure
- data: store the data used in the project
- src: store the source code of the project
